---
date: 2023-04-03
title: "Daily Reflection: 2023-04-03"
tags:
- daily
---

# Gratitude

> I've recently come to the (re-)realization that I haven't been practicing enough psoitive thinking as a part of my routine. I've felt especially stressed, overwhelmed and even hopeless at times. I hope to make expressing what I'm grateful for a more regular part of my life to begin healing a bit...

1. I'm grateful for the opportunity to travel (comfortably). I forget that I'm in an incredibly privileged position globally and that most can't even conceive of the opportunities I have to work on super interesting, potentially-super-impactful problems from the comfort of my laptop. That isn't normtla and I ought to be way more grateful of my position here
2. Loved ones. "It's always later than you think" — a quote I heard in describing the mindset of showing more gratitude towards family. Though a bit bleak, resonates with me. Call more. Visit intentionally. See past the everyday things that make family "complicated"


#  Intentions

### Health

> *Live with physical, emotional and psychological health in mind as it is foundational to a balanced, quality existence.*

- haven't been doing too hot recently from a physical perspective, and that's ok. Sure, I want to "be fitter" but I want to give myself the grace to understand that I'm trying my best.


### Creativity

> *Give myself the freedom to follow my curiosities, try new things and empower myself to create with no end goal in mind as it is, no matter how small, an expression of the soul — to take what would otherwise be a unique intellectual, emotional and imaginative conscious experience and share it with another.*

- Don't let "work" just mean "job" — creativity is never an obligation and just because responsibility/duty is incorporated in what I do doesn't make it any less creative!


### Rich Relationships

>*Seek to incorporate an ethics of care:
> 
 "[As opposed to an] ethic of justice [that] focuses on questions of fairness, equality, individual rights, abstract principles and the consistent application of them. An ethic of care focuses on attentiveness, trust, responsiveness to need, narrative nuance and cultivating caring relations." (Carol Gilligan)*

- Traveling to Bali has put this at the forefront for me. I'm not just a guy traveling, but rather part of a larger picture in someone else's life — full of their own childhoods, dreams, perspectives and loves. I'm simply fortunate enough to get a glimpse of that.


### Success

> *Success is socially-derived and a practical need for cultural optionality — while it does not determine who we are or what we "ought" to value, it does determine the breadth of our influence on those around us.*


- This bullet point sounds kinda silly now for some reason. Thinking about my life purpose needing to influence the people around me is low-key inherently egoistic...
- Not sure what I think of all this now, but maybe food for thought for another day.